In the comment section of one of my
recent videos, someone asked, "Which
agent framework would you recommend
[music] for building multi-agent
systems?" That's a great question, but
it's also kind of the wrong question
because before you pick a framework, you
need to understand what kind of
multi-agent we're talking about. When
two people talk about multi-agent,
they're often talking about completely
different things without realizing it
because there are two fundamentally
[music] different levels where
multi-agents can happen. The first level
is a multi-agent within a system.
[music] So, you can imagine a framework
like deep agent or LangGraph.
Internally, there might be three agents
[music] running: a planner, a
researcher, and a coder. They share the
memory, and they even share the same
codebase. Direct function calls, no
HTTP, no network calls. That is a
multi-agent, but when you expose it via
HTTP, [music]
from the outside, it is only a single
agent. One API, one endpoint. Nobody on
the outside knows that there are three
[music] agents working under the hood.
That's an implementation detail. The
outside layer is the HTTP layer. For
that, I definitely recommend using A2A,
but that is only the protocol. There are
different kind of libraries that you can
use for that. But [music] it means that
you've got independent agents that
communicate over network protocols.
>> [music]
>> Each one has its own endpoint, its own
identity, and possibly runs with a
different framework. One with LangGraph,
one with deep agent, and another one
[music] with Haystack. But that is a
completely different world. And when I
talk about multi-agent systems or
multi-agent communication, then I most
of the time talk about A2A.
>> [music]
>> To me, A2A is the perfect foundation for
real agent communication. There are a
few important concepts, but the [music]
most important to me is the concept of
an agent card. An agent card is
basically an [music] agent's profile.
What it does, how to reach it, what
capability it brings. [music] That makes
an agent built with A2A decentralized,
flexible, and scalable. In the next few
minutes, I'll show you how I build a
multi-agent system with the A2A
protocol. Okay, so we're are now in VS
code and here on the left you can see a
lot of different files. [music] You can
see five server files where each server
file has got an independent agent. We
also got a few MCP servers and a
client.py. So the workflow is as
follows. The orchestrator will get the
agent cards from the sub-agents and
store the capabilities and skills in
memory.
>> [music]
>> The user will then ask a question and
the orchestrator will decide based on
the question [music] to which sub-agent
the task route. The sub-agents will use
its [music] own MCP server under the
hood and answer the question of the
orchestrator. The orchestrator will then
define a final answer and send it back
to the user. If you want to try it out
on your own, then you can on Windows
just type start.ps1 on PowerShell and if
you're on Linux or Mac, just type
start.sh.
So now we start five agents. We will
have to start with the sub-agents first
because after that the orchestrator will
start and get all of the agent cards of
the sub-agent.
So you can see [music]
orchestrator starts later and now
everything is running. After that, open
localhost port 8000 and now you can ask
different questions. If you ask how is
the weather,
then the orchestrator will of course
decide [music] that none of the
sub-agents is able to answer that
question. So here you [music] can see
I'm a vacation orchestrator. Here are
the capabilities. The capabilities
[music]
are um given back based on the
information that the sub-agents have in
their [music] agent cards. So now we
want to ask something flight related. So
we want
I want [music] to fly from
Munich to
Mallorca.
So hopefully now it gets routed to the
correct sub-agent
>> [music]
>> and we will get an offer for of
So that is the answer. We can that there
is a flight available. And now, [music]
if we type something like this, I want
to book this bindingly,
then
it will be again routed to this agent
that will use its booking tool. And
there it will be a second agent, which
is the invoice [music] agent, where the
orchestrator also will route to, which
will create a PDF for us
>> [music]
>> that we can download or directly preview
here uh
on the website. So, this is of course
not a production setup, but it
demonstrates how you can bring the
intelligence of different agents
together via A2A and an [music]
orchestrator. So, if you need something
similar, then just clone my repository
and [music] use your own business logic.
If you've got any questions, then please
write them in the comments. Thanks for
watching. See you in the next video.
Bye-bye.